How could he be a distinguished guest of the Qin family?
I saw him that day too
Wait until the Qin family is taken away
How dare you be rude to the distinguished guest of the Qin family?
Be careful I let the security come in and break your leg
Sir, I'm so sorry.
These two bitches are disturbing your rest
Here's the key.
I'll kick them out in a minute
You two are so blind
How dare you be rude to the distinguished guest of the Qin family
Security Manager Wang
Kick them out for me
How is that possible?
How could he be a distinguished guest of the Qin family?
He is a rascal
shut up
Since you dare to be rude to the distinguished guest of the Qin family
Dead his mouth
verification failed
Hey, what did I say?
His keys are fake
He's not anyone's turtle shell at all
Liar he is a liar